content/legal/privacy-policy.mdx, before:

---
title: "Privacy Policy"
effectiveDate: "10 January 2024"
lastUpdated: "15 March 2025"
---

# Privacy Policy

**Effective Date:** 10 January 2024

**Top Networks Inc.** ("we", "our" or "us") is committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use and share your data, the security measures we employ, and the rights you have over your personal information. We recommend that you read this policy carefully.

## 1. Who We Are

**Top Networks Inc.** operates [uk.topfinanzas.com](https://uk.topfinanzas.com) ("Platform" or "Site"), a financial information and product recommendation platform. Our mission is to provide users with personalized content about financial services and products. **Top Networks Inc.** is incorporated in Panama, with operations in the United Kingdom, and we comply with UK and international regulations to protect your data, including the UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR) and the Data Protection Act 2018.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or how we handle your data, please contact us at [info@topfinanzas.com](mailto:info@topfinanzas.com).

## 2. Types of Information We Collect

We collect various types of information from and about users of our Site:

- **Personal Identification Information:** Such as name, email address, contact information, date of birth, and government identification, which you provide directly.
- **Financial Information:** Including income, credit status, and employment information, necessary to personalise our financial recommendations.
- **Device and Browsing Information:** IP address, browser type, operating system, device type, and browsing behaviour on our Site.
- **Usage Data:** Details about interactions on our Site, including pages visited, links clicked, and other engagement metrics.
- **Geolocation Data:** Location information if you have given your consent through your device settings.

## 3. How We Collect Information

We collect information in the following ways:

- **Directly from You:** Information you provide when completing forms, subscribing to newsletters, or contacting us.
- **Automatically Through Technology:** We use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to automatically collect information as you navigate the Site.
- **From External Partners:** We may receive information from partners for marketing, legal compliance, and enhanced services.

## 4. How We Use Your Information

We use the information we collect for various purposes, including:

- Providing and maintaining our services
- Processing and fulfilling your requests for information or services
- Personalising your experience on our Site
- Communicating with you about our services, updates, and promotional offers
- Improving our website, products, and services
- Conducting analysis and research
- Protecting the security and integrity of our Site
- Complying with legal obligations

## 5. Information Sharing and Disclosure

Your information may be shared with:

- **Service Providers:** Third-party vendors who perform services on our behalf
- **Financial Partners:** Financial institutions that offer products or services through our Site
- **Legal and Regulatory Authorities:** When required by law, court order, or government regulation
- **Corporate Affiliates:** Our parent company, subsidiaries, and affiliates
- **Business Transfers:** In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition

We do not sell your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent.

## 6. Activity Log / Collected Data

We may record your activities on our Site to create logs (records of activities), which may include your IP address, the pages accessed, actions performed, dates and times of actions, and information about your device, such as operating system version, browser type, and geolocation.
We may also use certain proprietary or third-party technologies to monitor activity on our Site, including:

- **Cookies:** These internet files temporarily store information about your browsing, such as pages visited and preferences, to improve your experience. **Top Networks Inc.** and third-party partners may use cookies to enhance personalization. You may control cookies in your browser settings, but disabling them may affect your experience.
- **Web Beacons:** These techniques allow us to identify and analyze website visit behaviors across different platforms and devices.
- **Google AdSense Cookie Dart:** We may display ads through Google AdSense. This uses the DART cookie to tailor ads based on user preferences. Users can opt out via Google’s Ad Preferences at [http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/).
- **Analytics Tools:** These tools gather details on your browsing patterns, such as page visits, site interactions, and referral sites.

## 7. Your Rights and Choices

Under UK data protection laws, you have several rights regarding your personal information:

- **Right to Access:** Request access to your personal information
- **Right to Rectification:** Request that we correct inaccurate information
- **Right to Erasure:** Request that we delete your information
- **Right to Restrict Processing:** Request that we restrict the processing of your information
- **Right to Data Portability:** Request the transfer of your information
- **Right to Object:** Object to our processing of your information
- **Right to Withdraw Consent:** Withdraw consent previously given

To exercise these rights, please contact us at [info@topfinanzas.com](mailto:info@topfinanzas.com).

## 8. Data Security

We implement reasonable security measures to protect your personal information against unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction.

We employ physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard your personal information, including:

- **Encryption:** To secure data during transfer and storage.
- **Access Controls:** To restrict access to authorized personnel only.
- **Regular Audits and Monitoring:** To maintain and enhance security practices.

However, no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee absolute security.

## 9. Retention and Deletion of Personal Data

We retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy or as required by law. When the data is no longer needed, we securely delete or anonymize it.

## 10. User Rights

Depending on your location, you may have certain rights regarding your personal information:

- **Access:** Request a copy of your personal data that we hold.
- **Correction:** Request correction of any inaccurate or incomplete information.
- **Deletion:** Request the deletion of your data, subject to certain limitations.
- **Portability:** Request a copy of your data in a commonly used electronic format.
- **Withdraw Consent:** Where processing is based on consent, withdraw that consent at any time.

To exercise these rights, please contact us at [info@topfinanzas.com](mailto:info@topfinanzas.com).

## 11. Children's Privacy

Our services are not intended for individuals under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If we become aware that we have collected personal data from a child without parental consent, we take steps to remove that information.

## 12. International Data Transfers

We are located in Panama with operations in the UK, but our servers and service providers may be located in other countries. By using our services, you consent to the transfer of your information to countries outside your country of residence, which may have different data protection rules. When transferring data from the UK to countries outside the UK, we ensure appropriate safeguards are in place as required by UK data protection law.

## 13. Third-Party Links and Services

Our Site may contain links to third-party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party sites. We are not responsible for their privacy practices, and we encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing any personal data.

We partner with Google and in [this page](https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites) they explain how Google manages data in its ads products.

## 14. Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page and updating the "Effective Date" at the top. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically.

## 15. Cookie Policy

Our website uses cookies and similar technologies to enhance your browsing experience. You can manage cookie preferences through your browser settings. For more information about the cookies we use and how to manage them, please visit our [Cookie Policy page](/cookie-policy).

## 16. Contact Information

If you have any questions, comments, or requests regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

**Top Networks Inc.**
- **Email:** [info@topfinanzas.com](mailto:info@topfinanzas.com)
- **Address:** PANAMA, PANAMA CITY, AV. AQUILINO DE LA GUARDIA, OCEAN BUSINESS PLAZA BUILDING, FLOOR 12

## 17. Complaints

If you are concerned about how we handle your personal data, you have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk).

Commit message:

feat: Remove AdZep integration and clean up ad-related components
- Delete AdZepScript.tsx component completely
- Clean AdScriptLoader.tsx by removing AdZep script references
- Update AdController.tsx with generic ad selectors instead of AdZep-specific ones
- Remove ad-demo page and related ad testing components
- Clean up ad-related documentation and configuration files
- Update financial solution pages and layout components
- Remove ads.txt and ad testing guides
- Update privacy policy and cookie policy content

This commit securely removes all AdZep references while maintaining
the ad controller functionality for future ad implementations.

content/legal/privacy-policy.mdx, after:

---
title: "Privacy Policy"
effectiveDate: "10 January 2024"
lasWe may- *- **ookies:** These internet files temporarily store information about your browsing, such as pages visited and preferences, to improve your experience. **Top Networks Inc.** and third-party partners may use cookies to enhance personalization. You may control cookies in your browser settings, but disabling them may affect your experience.
- **Web Beacons:** These techniques allow us to identify and analyze website visit behaviors across different platforms and devices.
- **Analytics Tools:** These tools gather details on your browsing patterns, such as page visits, site interactions, and referral sites.Web Beacons:** These techniques allow us to identify and analyze website visit behaviors across different platforms and devices.
- **Analytics Tools:** These tools gather details on your browsing patterns, such as page visits, site interactions, and referral sites.okies:** These internet files temporarily store information about your browsing, such as pages visited and preferences, to improve your experience. **Top Networks Inc.** and third-party partners may use cookies to enhance personalization. You may control cookies in your browser settings, but disabling them may affect your experience.
- **Web Beacons:** These techniques allow us to identify and analyze website visit behaviors across different platforms and devices.
- **Analytics Tools:** These tools gather details on your browsing patterns, such as page visits, site interactions, and referral sites.o use certain proprietary or third-party technologies to monitor activity on our Site, including:

- **Cookies:** These internet files temporarily store information about your browsing, such as pages visited and preferences, to improve your experience. **Top Networks Inc.** and third-party partners may use cookies to enhance personalization. You may control cookies in your browser settings, but disabling them may affect your experience.
- **Web Beacons:** These techniques allow us to identify and analyze website visit behaviors across different platforms and devices.
- **Analytics Tools:** These tools gather details on your browsing patterns, such as page visits, site interactions, and referral sites.**Analytics Tools:** These tools gather details on your browsing patterns, such as page visits, site interactions, and referral sites.ed: "15 March 2025"
---

# Privacy Policy

**Effective Date:** 10 January 2024

**Top Networks Inc.** ("we", "our" or "us") is committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use and share your data, the security measures we employ, and the rights you have over your personal information. We recommend that you read this policy carefully.

## 1. Who We Are

**Top Networks Inc.** operates [uk.topfinanzas.com](https://uk.topfinanzas.com) ("Platform" or "Site"), a financial information and product recommendation platform. Our mission is to provide users with personalized content about financial services and products. **Top Networks Inc.** is incorporated in Panama, with operations in the United Kingdom, and we comply with UK and international regulations to protect your data, including the UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR) and the Data Protection Act 2018.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or how we handle your data, please contact us at [info@topfinanzas.com](mailto:info@topfinanzas.com).

## 2. Types of Information We Collect

We collect various types of information from and about users of our Site:

- **Personal Identification Information:** Such as name, email address, contact information, date of birth, and government identification, which you provide directly.
- **Financial Information:** Including income, credit status, and employment information, necessary to personalise our financial recommendations.
- **Device and Browsing Information:** IP address, browser type, operating system, device type, and browsing behaviour on our Site.
- **Usage Data:** Details about interactions on our Site, including pages visited, links clicked, and other engagement metrics.
- **Geolocation Data:** Location information if you have given your consent through your device settings.

## 3. How We Collect Information

We collect information in the following ways:

- **Directly from You:** Information you provide when completing forms, subscribing to newsletters, or contacting us.
- **Automatically Through Technology:** We use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to automatically collect information as you navigate the Site.
- **From External Partners:** We may receive information from partners for marketing, legal compliance, and enhanced services.

## 4. How We Use Your Information

We use the information we collect for various purposes, including:

- Providing and maintaining our services
- Processing and fulfilling your requests for information or services
- Personalising your experience on our Site
- Communicating with you about our services, updates, and promotional offers
- Improving our website, products, and services
- Conducting analysis and research
- Protecting the security and integrity of our Site
- Complying with legal obligations

## 5. Information Sharing and Disclosure

Your information may be shared with:

- **Service Providers:** Third-party vendors who perform services on our behalf
- **Financial Partners:** Financial institutions that offer products or services through our Site
- **Legal and Regulatory Authorities:** When required by law, court order, or government regulation
- **Corporate Affiliates:** Our parent company, subsidiaries, and affiliates
- **Business Transfers:** In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition

We do not sell your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent.

## 6. Activity Log / Collected Data

We may record your activities on our Site to create logs (records of activities), which may include your IP address, the pages accessed, actions performed, dates and times of actions, and information about your device, such as operating system version, browser type, and geolocation.
We may also use certain proprietary or third-party technologies to monitor activity on our Site, including:

- **Cookies:** These internet files temporarily store information about your browsing, such as pages visited and preferences, to improve your experience. **Top Networks Inc.** and third-party partners may use cookies to enhance personalization. You may control cookies in your browser settings, but disabling them may affect your experience.
- **Web Beacons:** These techniques allow us to identify and analyze website visit behaviors across different platforms and devices.
- **Google AdSense Cookie Dart:** We may display ads through Google AdSense. This uses the DART cookie to tailor ads based on user preferences. Users can opt out via Google’s Ad Preferences at [http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/).
- **Analytics Tools:** These tools gather details on your browsing patterns, such as page visits, site interactions, and referral sites.

## 7. Your Rights and Choices

Under UK data protection laws, you have several rights regarding your personal information:

- **Right to Access:** Request access to your personal information
- **Right to Rectification:** Request that we correct inaccurate information
- **Right to Erasure:** Request that we delete your information
- **Right to Restrict Processing:** Request that we restrict the processing of your information
- **Right to Data Portability:** Request the transfer of your information
- **Right to Object:** Object to our processing of your information
- **Right to Withdraw Consent:** Withdraw consent previously given

To exercise these rights, please contact us at [info@topfinanzas.com](mailto:info@topfinanzas.com).

## 8. Data Security

We implement reasonable security measures to protect your personal information against unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction.

We employ physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard your personal information, including:

- **Encryption:** To secure data during transfer and storage.
- **Access Controls:** To restrict access to authorized personnel only.
- **Regular Audits and Monitoring:** To maintain and enhance security practices.

However, no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee absolute security.

## 9. Retention and Deletion of Personal Data

We retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy or as required by law. When the data is no longer needed, we securely delete or anonymize it.

## 10. User Rights

Depending on your location, you may have certain rights regarding your personal information:

- **Access:** Request a copy of your personal data that we hold.
- **Correction:** Request correction of any inaccurate or incomplete information.
- **Deletion:** Request the deletion of your data, subject to certain limitations.
- **Portability:** Request a copy of your data in a commonly used electronic format.
- **Withdraw Consent:** Where processing is based on consent, withdraw that consent at any time.

To exercise these rights, please contact us at [info@topfinanzas.com](mailto:info@topfinanzas.com).

## 11. Children's Privacy

Our services are not intended for individuals under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If we become aware that we have collected personal data from a child without parental consent, we take steps to remove that information.

## 12. International Data Transfers

We are located in Panama with operations in the UK, but our servers and service providers may be located in other countries. By using our services, you consent to the transfer of your information to countries outside your country of residence, which may have different data protection rules. When transferring data from the UK to countries outside the UK, we ensure appropriate safeguards are in place as required by UK data protection law.

## 13. Third-Party Links and Services

Our Site may contain links to third-party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party sites. We are not responsible for their privacy practices, and we encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing any personal data.

We partner with Google and in [this page](https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites) they explain how Google manages data in its ads products.

## 14. Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page and updating the "Effective Date" at the top. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically.

## 15. Cookie Policy

Our website uses cookies and similar technologies to enhance your browsing experience. You can manage cookie preferences through your browser settings. For more information about the cookies we use and how to manage them, please visit our [Cookie Policy page](/cookie-policy).

## 16. Contact Information

If you have any questions, comments, or requests regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

**Top Networks Inc.**
- **Email:** [info@topfinanzas.com](mailto:info@topfinanzas.com)
- **Address:** PANAMA, PANAMA CITY, AV. AQUILINO DE LA GUARDIA, OCEAN BUSINESS PLAZA BUILDING, FLOOR 12

## 17. Complaints

If you are concerned about how we handle your personal data, you have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk).
